Dead until the beginning and still pretending.
If you are truly the richest person in Long Xuyen, the sovereign of Pho Dien Nien.
So I am the richest person in Bang Thien.
Dear friend Lam, do you dare to compare with my father?
You idiot.
Are you worthy?
Adulterer of the pressure gauge
I pulled your tongue.
Madam Vice President.
It's over.
Why?
Three great clans were destroyed.
What time is it?
You say this group is a scammer
If you can perfunctory the three great families
I can turn the universe upside down.
Don't hide, don't hide.
Go away.
What is this?
She calls me dad.
Look at my dad.
Our entire family has been destroyed at your hands.
Uncle Wei was silent.
Do you bastard know?
It's because of your arrogance.
People should not offend
Look, driver's license, stocks, it's all taken.
Already bankrupt.
No way.
Don't quickly kneel down and kowtow to admit your mistake
I won't spare you a dog's life.
Me, I'm really the richest person in the countryside.